ziplib adr (#486)
AntaresSimulatorTeam/antares-xpansion: conception/ziblib/choose-ziplib.md

Choose Zip Library 
===

> This Adr aim to select zip library that will be used to manage mps file in arhive.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This ADR aims to select the library that will be used to manage MPS files in ZIP archives.
```

Status
=== 
libzip and it's wrapper libzippp : suspended

> 

Reviewer: Add minizip-ng
